updates.md: add critical warning for pool master update order (#466)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/management/updates.md

## 🚸 Precautions

:::warning
**Always update the pool master first. Slaves cannot be a higher version than the master.**

> If you update a slave before the master, **the slave will lose the ability to connect to the pool master and will become completely unusable**.

Reviewer: We try to avoid using word "slave" when we can avoid it (FYI XenServer also replace "pool master" with "pool coordinator". We use both at the moment)

```suggestion
**Always update the pool master first. Other pool members must never run a higher version than the master.**

If you update any other host before the pool master, **it will lose the ability to connect to the pool master and will become completely unusable**.
```
